Initial implementation (#1)
projectsyn/component-nfs-subdir-external-provisioner: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

> nfs-subdir-external-provisioner is a Commodore component to manage nfs-subdir-external-provisioner.

Reviewer: Again, probably worth to note that this component is a replacement for nfs-client-provisioner, because upstream renamed their software

See the xref:references/parameters.adoc[parameters] reference for further details.

=== Minimal setup

The server is required to be set.
If the path is not set, the helm chart default of `/nfs-storage` applies.

> The component does configure the PV access mode my default to `ReadWriteMany`.
> Default if the helm chart is `ReadWriteOnce`, but this is unusual for NFS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Helm chart configures the provisioner to create PVs with access mode `ReadWriteOnce` by default.
However, the component overrides this with `ReadWriteMany` which matches the usual use case for NFS.
```
